README.md, before:

## Description

This website displays an interactive and user friendly platform from which the user create, comment and react to events related to the topic they chose. Their post is created for differnt users to interact with. It will then tell the user the event, time, date and all the information needed in that category. 

## Installation
 
Clone repository
Node.js to run the application
Run npm install to load the required npm packages


## Flaws/Comments

Learing curve of connecting the front end to the back end. Inigrating handlebars templeting engine for views with the database models via the controllers. We overcame this through utlizling testing tools.


## APIs Used
placeimg.com (for all the random images)

## Credits - Technology used

### Tailwind CSS Framework
### daisyUI
### Mysql Workbench
### Insomnia


## Collaborators

### Gwen Paradis -- Design, Styling, Responsivness, Seeding
### Whit Spaulding -- DB, Handlebars, Seeding, Models
### Tyler Powers -- Repo owner, Api Controllers, Models, Authentication, Heroku

## License

Commit message:

edited ReadME and added screenshot to describe deployed application

README.md, after:

## TOWN HALL
## Description
This application is an interactive and user friendly online Town Hall where the user can create posts and react to posts created by other users. 

## Technologies Used
We used Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTSful API. 
We used Handlebars.js as the templating engine, and we used MySQL and the Sequelize ORM for the database.  For CSS/styling we used Tailwind/daisyUI, and we used placeimg.com for the random image generator.
We used Insomnia to test routes and Workbench to test models, relationships, and queries. We used Github to host our repository and Heroku to deploy our solution.

## Links
Github repository:
https://github.com/tpowers29/Town-Hall
Deployed to heroku:
https://intense-taiga-33129.herokuapp.com/login

## Collaborators
Gwen Paradis -- Design,styling,Responsiveness, Seeds, Handlebars,
Routes,Authentication,Code Clean Up
Whit Spaulding -- Database Design,Models,Relationships,Handlebars, Seeds,Routes
Tyler Powers -- Repo owner, Api Controllers, Models, Authentication, Heroku

## License:
Our github repository is published under the MIT license and we can be reached via email at: 
gwendelynparadis2@gmail.com
tylerpowerst@aol.com
whitspa64@gmail.com 

A screen shot of the deployed application is below:

<img src="townhallbackground.png"
     alt="Town Hall landing page with login and back ground metropolitan image"
     style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;" />
